Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
Tellerik create compelling app experiences
across any screen with the
Tellerik platform Telerx end to
end platform. Uniquely combines industry
leading UI tools with cloud
services to simplify the entire
app development cycle Tellerik offers
everything.net developers need to build
quality apps faster. Try it
free at tellerik.com/platform that's tellerik.com/platform.
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number four 63. In
this episode of Hansel minutiae.
Scott talks with Richard Campbell. Hi,
This is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes, and this one is
in fact live well, it's
not live if you got
this as a podcast, but
if you're watching it on
YouTube, it's live and we've
got Richard Campbell. How are you,
sir? I'm well, sir, how
are you? Lovely, lovely. Last
time I talked to you,
it was Hansel minutiae, number
14, as I recall, and
I had just got my
iPhone six plus, and now
what is it now? Six
months later. Yes, something like
that. And, and we were
happily anticipating the watch, right?
Yeah. Actually I heard that
the Apple I watch is
going to have glucose sensor
support out of the box.
What I really think that
means, in my opinion, this
is my analysis is that
Dexcom, the people that made
the continuous glucose meter, that
myself and many other type
one diabetics use basically made
a deal with them. And
they're going to hook up
the Dexcom share, which is
kind of the commercial version
of the open source project
that I am involved with
called Nightscout. And this is
the thing that lets you
take your blood sugar data
and put it out onto
the cloud. Since their product
today works with an iPhone,
it makes perfect sense for
them to spend going spend
an hour and a half
and write the code to
put it on a watch
face. I don't have really
high hopes for it, but
it makes a nice press
release. We'll see. Well, in
this instrumentation of the body
thing, I mean, you've been
doing it for years cause
it keeps you alive. But
for everybody else just, you
know, I've got my Fitbit
and things. It's only going
to get more interesting, right?
I'm on the Kickstarter for
a thing called scan Dow,
which is the like a
tri-quarter I was just going
to say, is that the
universal tri-quarter? Well, I don't
know about universal, but it's
a tri-quarter it's a little
handheld gizmo. You put it
up to your head. It
takes all kinds of readings.
I'm on the FDA. Try
forward. I hope that there's
a tricorder, like a remote
tri-quarter app that lets me
get to all the sensors
on my band. I've got
my Microsoft band and I
know it's got a bunch
of information that I can't
see yet. I have a
feeling like this is a
thing where they threw a
bunch of sensors into the
hardware and they just haven't
given me access to all
of them yet. So it'd
be interesting to see, This
is my frustration with Microsoft
research projects. Whether you look
at the old surface, now
they call the pixel sense
and the connect, the band
and presumably hollow lens, they
build an amazing product. It's
comes with a set of
apps and nobody can program
against it. Yeah. Well I
do know a guy over
there and he gave me
a tour and I talked
to them and I kind
of made the comment that,
you know, there's kind of
a gap between like whenever
the SDK comes out, which
will probably have a high
bar things that you can
do and the, you know,
what's, the tinker are going
to do, right. What's the
pebble watch person. I just
want to know the moisture
of these plants that I'm
trying to do. You know,
that's internet of things is
my, my begonias, right? Show
me, show me that on
my band. Hopefully they will,
they will hear us and
they will make us something
like that. Well, and I'm
worried the gap's bigger than
that. It's like you're either
rocket scientists see programmers and
you write drivers for fun
or you can't develop against
this. I think though, not
just Microsoft, but speaking in
general that everyone's got a
cloud IDE now, you know,
and if I can, if
I can write a little
bit of Jason and do
a JS fiddle and I
could put that on my
band, that would be cool.
Yeah. That's what you want.
Yeah. I just want to
ask you To it so
I can do a mashup,
right? It's an old term,
but it's more prevalent now
than ever. Indeed. There is
a, I think it's called
cloud pebble basically. You know,
the pebble is a really
low level, like, and there's
like Arduino and then like
pebble, but you can go
and I think it's called
cloud pebble and you can
basically, you know, drag around
and design your own watch
face and it will compile
to see and give you
the zip file and say,
here you go. So it's
a C code generator. And
that's what I'd like to
see for, for small devices.
And I actually got to
punch it devices funny that
we're talking about devices. I'll
try to describe it for
folks that are of course
listening to this. But I
got my raspberry pie too.
Yeah. Yeah. I ordered it
at one Oh four in
the morning because this is
the thing. Everyone's like a
bunch of people were mad
at me cause I got
this in the mail yesterday
or day before yesterday. And
they said, I ordered my
raspberry pie two on launch
day. And I said, yes,
but I ordered it English
time. Cause it was announced
10:00 AM in England. So I
ordered it five minutes after
they announced it and it
showed up and then I
three D printed a case
around it. Oh no, it's
kinda cool. Yeah. It's kind
of a cage type of
a case and it's pressure
fit, which is quite nice.
And let me just tell
you, it is faster. Like
I don't think I'd make
it my daily driver, but
if I were, I don't
know, in some resource constrained
environment, if I were maybe
overseas somewhere or in a,
and this is all I
had, I put notice the
back here I put on
a USB keyboard, USB mouse,
and I put in a
tiny, tiny little $11 wifi
adapter and max love little
thing there. And a little
edit max is a great,
great, I got to see
bought a pile of them.
I bought like three. Nice.
I could use this as
a reasonable PC. You know
what I mean? I don't
think you could do Gmail
on this thing. Yeah. It's
just a web, a web
surfer. Facebook, Twitter. That's enough.
It's certainly not as good
as like some of these
a hundred dollar Intel PCs
that they're, that they're selling,
but for 35 bucks and
yeah, it's hard to argue.
It's a pretty amazing, I'm
pretty happy with it. Oh,
and then I got this,
this is another thing I
got the, you know, radio
shack is going out of
business. So they going out
of business in Canada. Oh
yeah. So sad. I just
saw who's the daily show
guys just spun off on
his own shows. John Oliver. Yeah.
John Oliver's commercial for radio
show. Yeah, that was pretty
awesome. She checked that out.
Not say for work, but
definitely for work though. So
they work when I have
a business and they had
60, 70, 80% off stuff.
So I went over there
and bought a bunch of
crap that I don't need
like this, like this Arduino
shield, check this out. Oh,
touch, touch, screen, touch, screen
shield. And I got a
little paint program here for
the kids. So we've got,
you know, something I would
never have bought at $50,
but totally bought at 12.
You know, that makes sense.
And then I got a
little adapter here for my
nine volt. So Is it
actually a good deal at
12 or the fact that
it was 50 is now
12. That was one second.
That's a three 20 by
two 40. I could play
doom on this thing. Now
that's a touchscreen shield. You
know what I mean? Don't
don't disrespect my purchase. Richard Campbell.
Yeah. I love your do
measurements. That's great. If I
can play doom on it,
it should be, you know,
you buy it. If there's
a Kickstarter and I can
play doom on it, then
I will, I will make
that purchase. So yes. Curious
about the psychology of a
decision making like that. Yeah.
Well there's also the amount
of money that I'm allowed
to spend without my wife
complaining. Yeah, We have dollars
is below the threshold and
50 is above Is a
psychological barrier at $50. That's
why I make sure all
my purchases is 49 95.
There you go. But when
it comes to gadgets, you
know what I mean? Another
gadget, my friend is loaning
me right now as a
software control radio. Do you
know what these things, you
can basically snatch cell phone
metadata out of the air,
right? You can look at
UHF and VHF. Really, really
cool. So I got that
in the pile and then
I got my three D
printer over here. So I'm
having all sorts of fun.
So which three D printed
would you go with? I
bought a, a printer bought
simple metal and you know,
I feel like this is
a printer that doesn't get
the respect. I got this
magazine recently here, the maker
make magazine. This is one
of those really, really nice
$10 magazines that I wouldn't
never spend. $10. Big, heavy.
Yeah. You want to leave
it on your coffee table?
I would have to show
people that I'm a maker
because that's how pretentious you
spend 10 bucks on magazines.
But I would never do
that because I got it
at radio shack for like
$3. So I'm looking through
this thing and they have
the three D printer annual
guide, the shoot, the shoe,
they call it the shooter,
you know, the shootouts shootouts.
Right. And I'm looking through
the thing here and I
don't feel, I I'm let
me, let me put it
this way. I'm staring at
it a Gog. I am
gobsmacked number one, Ultimaker price
as tested 2,500 United States dollars.
Wow. Okay. Next page Taz
for crisis tested 2200 United States
dollars, right? Printer bought simple
metal, 599 bucks. Basically the
second highest score I'm going
through this page after page,
after page of $2,000 printers,
couple of thousand dollar ones,
the simple metal just crushed
them, but it doesn't kind
of get the respect. Like
no one seems to like
80% of the price. It's
nothing. It's like I went
and gave a presentation at
my kid's school about three
D printing. And they were
like, wow, that's really expensive.
I don't know if I
can justify that. And I
said, does anyone here have
a weed? And they all
raise their hands. And I
say, do you have four
or five games? They all
raise their hands. And I
said, well, you just spent
the money. You could have
bought a three D printer
for, right. Like, I mean,
I realize it's a tinkerers
game, but seriously, if you
want one and you have
an Xbox, I mean, we'll
make the choice. Simple metal
is really impressive. I'm actually
going to have the, we
have a big, exciting thing
going on with my podcast.
This is the first time
I've mentioned this, by the
way, this is an announcement
and a cooperative crossover with
the code newbies podcast that
I've been involved with. We're
going to do March makers
month, basically marches for makers.
And we're going to have
an all month long. I'll
be doing all hardware and
all makers and Soran from
code newbies will be doing
the same thing. So you'll
have 10 great podcasts are
so all about making. And
I've got a Brooke dumb,
the CEO of printer bot
totally unrelated. Like, wow, they
don't, I don't have a
relationship with them. I just
bought the thing, but he's
coming on the show and
he's really cool guy. He
actually has a TV show
now called all American makers.
And he's the, he's the
maker behind printer bot. So
I'm going to have him
come on the show. That's
awesome. It is, it is
exciting. It feels like three
D printers are, are emerging.
Now that this is the
dot matrix printer of its
day or the inkjet printer
of his day. If in
the context of, if you
remember the Epson FX 80
for the two of us
that are old enough to
remember that where you're like,
does this printer that I'm
buying support bold. And then
it's to support more than
one font where we support
three fonts, you know, and
then you have to go
into the back of the
printer manual and figure out
what the control code to
enable bold is. Right? And
then write that code in
your paperclip application or whatever
you're using, you know, WordStar
and tell it about it.
That's the level we're pretty
print three degrees Pretty much.
I mean, there's some interesting
experiments going on. I've been
looking at some of the
resin printers where they're using
lasers to harden resin, the
carbon fiber bending printer, where
they're combining plastic and Carver
five together. So you can,
the best is your step
ahead is you're making wood
where it's really strong in
one axis, but not so
strong in another, like we're
in an interesting phase now
that the Corp thing, the
PLA abs printers are, you
know, under a thousand dollars
and the new materials are
starting to come into play
And they are extremely competent.
I did a blog post
recently at the, at the
behest of Brandon Potter who works
at a three D printing
shop has a $20,000 printer.
Wow. Print it out, a
coffee cup and then FedEx
it to me. And then
I printed out the same
coffee cup. And basically the
tests are, you can't tell
them apart. Wow. Yeah, you
cannot tell them apart $600
printer and $20,000 printer. Now
this is a coffee cup
and it's a stupid, a
stupid one off anecdote. Certainly
if we were doing like
one of those, you know,
print and engine all in
one piece and then dissolve,
put SoLuRs solvent around it
and dissolve it and make
it run. There are things
that I cannot print because
I don't have dissolvable supports
sometimes different materials. It's a
different material. But at the
same time though, man, I'm
printing some really competent stuff.
I'm willing to very, very
happy with my printer. I've
been putting together notes for
an additive manufacturing show, a
geek out episode for Don
and rocks. And one of
the things that we got
a chance to see was
at space X. There are
parts of the Falcon nine
that are made with additive
manufacturing. They use a laser
centering machine to they, we
held one of these parts.
It looks like a solid
piece of aluminum, a really
light. And then you turn
it at a certain angle
and you can see right
through it. It's as very
fine mesh to make it
really light, but still strong.
And so it's basically transparent
in one direction. Centering is
this kind of weird thing
to make a mass of
something by getting it super
hot and maybe pushing on
it a little bit, but
not to the point where
it's melted, right? You're assembling
something from smaller pieces, but
you haven't quite melted it.
Not fully molten, right? It's
sort of in between the,
the, the space X facility,
they have this friction stir
welding, where you, again, you
don't actually melt the metal
because it's, it's aluminum, lithium.
And if you melt it
it'll come apart. Right. You
just humiliate the metal Warming
up enough that it gets
Cuddy with itself. So do
you have these things? I
know you have a lot
of gadgets and stuff. Do
you have any three D
printing equipment? I have resisted
owning a three D printer
because I would use it
the least I am a
house full of crafty people.
Right. I, my wife's in
the CAD business, both my
daughters make stuff all the
time and they don't want
it. So I feel like
it wouldn't get used enough.
So I haven't pulled trigger
yet. I haven't found the
machine that I'm like, no,
I have to have that
anyway. Yeah. Yeah. That is
the fear. And that is
why I went with what
I thought was the cheapest
and most sturdy printer I
could find out there because
if I didn't use it,
like how shameful would it
be? Yeah, no, it's one
thing to have a 500
old things sitting, or you're
not using versus a $5,000
thing is sitting there not
using. Yeah. Well, I could
never justify something like that,
but I am, I am
extremely happy with it. I
would, I would have to
say though that, even though
it was $600, I probably
printed about six different things
to get it to work.
Right. This is the thing
I talked about in my
blog, posts that three D
printer people only print stuff
that makes their three D
printer better. Well, I'm impressed
with the case you made
for the raspberry pie too.
Like there you made something.
It was actually a solution.
Yeah. Well, I like another
solution I gave on my
Instagram is we got this,
this Dyson portable vacuum. Right,
right. And between the old
original dice and portable vacuum
and the new one, there's
some cost cutting. And it
doesn't come with the cool
bracket that you Mount on
the wall anymore. Someone at
Dyson decided no cool bracket.
So I printed my own
seriously. I'm telling you, and
it snaps right in. It's
fricking brilliant. So is it
durable enough? It has been
used full time in the
garage every single day. We,
you know, we can eat
dinner and then we vacuum
up after the little boys
every day. So yeah. I
mean, it's been durable so
far. I like to say,
if it breaks, you make
another, you make another one.
Exactly. I like to say
to my wife that the
worst case scenario with the,
with the three D printers
that will, we'll make it
up in costs by printing
out all of the little
backs for remote controls that
hold the battery door. Right.
So yeah, that alone, that
alone will make up the
five minute. Exactly. Yeah. That
are duct tape Surprising. I'm
on a tape use in
three D printing the blue,
the blue tape. Seriously. It's
Blueprinters tape like painter's tape.
Yeah. That's the thing that
you put on the, on
the bed and that's, that's
actually costing me more than
anything so far. I've gone
through two rolls of that
crap. Yeah. It's funny all
the little details that actually
using the thing. And it
really does remind me of
being jet printers in the
beginning and it absolutely all
of the little fussing you
had to do to keep
it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you
still have to do some
of that. Fussing, you know,
I've got a $40 office
Depot absent printer and it
still wants the heads of
line somewhere, but they've got
it down to a nice
clean in a scenario where
you print out a pattern
and you say, yeah, number
three, looks good. Number four
looks good. And then you
tell it. And now you're
aligned. I spent probably three
days fighting with this printer,
getting it aligned in that
The three dimensional alignment. It's
a little trickier. It's a
lot of holding two wrenches
together and eyeballing stuff. It
was extremely frustrating. I will
have to say, I love
it. Yeah. It's fun stuff.
So what else is going
on in the gadget world
and in the online world
of, of hardware? So I
got new monitors. I, you
know, I do a hardware
refresh in the fall winter
time when I have a
few days sort of replace
the machines. It had been
three years, so workstations 2011
get updated, that kind of
thing. And it was finally
time to change out some
of the monitors. And I
have some of the very
first LCDs ever made view
Sonics, like old school. And
the wife was using a
pair of 19 inch, 1280
by 10 24, four by
threes. And so got her
up to some 1920s and
I replaced my secondary screen.
The one that I'm on
right now with a new
Dell 25, 60 by 1440.
So is that a four
K screen? No, the four
K is 38 40 by
2160. So this is still
it's just below what used
to be the DVI D
the 25 60 by 1600.
This is the lower res
of that, but the quality
of the screen has ruined
me. It's so nice to
look at. So the next
machine over to the left
here is my great triple
rig. I built it in
2006, around the 30 inch
panel by Apple, which is
a 20 by 16 by
1600. And then I hung
two 20 inch, 1600 by
12 hundreds in portrait mode
on each side. So 49,
60 by 1600. And I
came to appreciate that the
1600 highs really important. Cause
it's the lines of code
you can read and it's
big and it's been great
for eight years. And then
I got this screen and
now every time I turned
back to it, it's just
not that bright. It's the
whiteness of the whites. Not
as Chris, just not as
nice. Have you tried to
correct the mall? I I
have, but it admittedly it
is eight years old. This
monitor does know me, anything,
you know, it's, it's got
a lot of miles on
it. The fact that it's
eight years old and it's
still a good monitor. Yeah.
Yeah. And so you don't
want to throw it out.
I don't know what to
do with it. It's beautiful.
It's got my, my microphone
Armanda to it. Like it's
part of this room, but
it's, it's a little stale.
And so I was thinking
I'll just replace the panels
because I can buy 25,
six 30 by 1600 displays.
They're a lot cheaper now
and their IPS and all
the new LCD features that
make it awesome. But I
can't get 1600 by 1200
panels anymore. They're four by
three and they're just, they're
out of stock. They'll never
be again. Hey, this is
Scott. You know, I like
a good community edition. The
best things in life are
free. And the community license
from our sponsors sync fusion
will give individual and small
business developers access to more
than 650 components across 12
platforms. And that includes WPF
and windows forms, JavaScript, Xamarin,
Lightswitch. You can check it
all out at sync, fusion.com/hanselman
to claim your free license.
You know, this RK that
I've got back here, this
is the simulator back here
that has, I pulled out
the giant 20, 23 inch
CRT and put in the
largest. I think it's a
22 inch Dell four by
three square LCD. And it's
the last one I could
find. And they're gone one
day, I'm going to have
to replace that. And the
only thing I can think
of is putting in a
16 by nine and just
covering up the left and
the right, and basically lying
because that's what you're gonna
have to do. There's nothing
you can do about it.
You know, this, this monitor
right here to my left
is a four by three
cause and it's a nine
year old monitor. But, but
this is other thing about
hardware in general, like someone
was asking me when I
was going to build the
next great computer. Cause every
three or four years, I
build one. Why do I
need to, I am running
a very competent machine from
2007. I added a new
video card and I added
an SSD. Yup. SSDs, breathe
new life into machines. It's
transformative. When you get an
SSD, What else am I
going to possibly do? Right.
So I've been looking for
the next monitor, something worthy
eight years later to replace
the giant rig. Have you
seen this? LG, the 34
inch 21 by nine curved
display. I was at Costco
recently and I saw the
curb display and I just
don't get it. Why do
I need a curved display?
Cause it's so wide that
out on the edges, if
it was flat, it's sort
of going away from you.
They always show all these
happy people sitting around watching
the super bowl, you know,
and they're so happy that
they have a curved display.
And I just don't know.
I don't have that many
people that are there. I'm
looking at it for a
TV. I'm looking at it
for a monitor. So, I
mean the whole point is
it's one screen and it's
38, 40 by 14. And
how long is a 30
inch monitor? Cause I'm looking
at a 30 right now.
It's a 34. It a
bigger it's very wide. I
do kind of have that
hexagon thing going there. That's
what I have in mind.
Triple two. Right. So I
think as a T V
it's questionable, but as a
model, I don't know. I
would have to see the
whole curve display thing. One
of my most popular Instagram.
I don't know if it's
called tweet, Instagram pictures ever,
almost like 400 likes now
was a simple picture of
Damien Edwards set up his,
his computer set up. And
what he's got is, you
know, the standard three monitor
thing, you know, kind of
the 20th. And then he's
got a, like a 27
inch, 10 80 P touchscreen
angled below his front monitor
as if it's almost like
a keyboard of its own.
It's very star Trek. That
low angle screen. He loves
it. Yeah, everyone does this
whole like, you know, turn
left and right. Look at
your three monitors. But by
having a monitor in between
his main screen and his
keyboard that is also touch,
he thinks it's the greatest
thing ever. And it's like
a $600. It's a $600
monitor. It's got a crappy
screen, but it gives you
touch on the desktop. And
it's totally revolutionized. He says
how he works. Interesting. You
know, who set up like
that is the Microsoft studios.
I did that open source
series a few months ago
and all of the virtual
Academy. Yeah, the virtual Academy
stuff. Where behind that desk,
you have one of these
loading screens. I have my
notes and stuff on it,
which was great. And it's
not right in front of
you, but it's in the
right place that you could
sort of maintain it, but
still be out of frame.
That is the exact monitor
type that he has, the
one that you shot at
Microsoft. And if you, if
you people who are listening,
if you go up and
search for asp.net, jumpstart or
MVA, the Microsoft virtual Academy,
they get lots of free
classes and stuff. And you
can see us using those,
those flat screen, touch, touch
screens. You know, the thing
is though, I've got a
nice setup and unless it
breaks, I can't justify it.
You know, it's going to
touch it. I was watching
TV with the wife a
couple of days ago and
I was looking at the
screen. I was looking for
something to be wrong. You
know what I mean? I
think the blacks aren't quite
black right there, or you
know what? It might be
a broken pixel time to
buy a new TV. And
my wife was like, no,
I think this CV is
just fine. It's a sharp
Aqua that we bought eight
and a half years ago
and it won't die. I
can't, I can't get rid
of this high definition television.
Isn't that the word? I
can't find a four K
screen on what I want.
Well, I can't find a
Fort. I can't find a
four K screen that I
want to do anything with
like, what am I going
to watch? Like you can
only get minimal Netflix because
people think that 4k is
the new three 3d. It's
the new thing that will
remake us all Russian by
new TVs. But they're doing
it in such a way
that they're making weird deals
with the Netflix's of the
world. Everyone's filming in 4k,
but they're not giving us
the continent 4k. So if
I want to watch house
of cards, I got to
get sharp with the embedded
Netflix client. I'm like, alright,
then I'm not doing it.
Speaking of embedded clients in
your television, have you heard
about this incident with Sam
Samsung recently? No. What happened?
So the it, the past
week folks watching movies off
their local hard drives, the
first stories came from people
watching plaques. They had ads
for Pepsi off their hands.
Okay. Hang on a second.
They injected an ad before
like a pre roll. When
I played my local content
Or end of the movie
movie stops. Yeah. And it
wasn't Plex. It showed up
on some other apps as
well and eventually figured it
out. It was the Sams
Two. Wait a second. You
were saying that the DND
LA server stops the stream
and injects and add. Yeah.
Wow. That is, He's got
all these smart TVs with
all these players and they're
plugged into the network. And
so they're getting updates. Apparently
it was a mistake. Somebody
ran a test app and
it got out into the
wild. I'm looking here at
Reddit right now and people
are freaking out. It says,
Plex stops halfway through and
plays a Pepsi ad. Right?
Turns out you can turn
it off by going into
the smart hub privacy policy.
And you can go to
your Samsung remote. You go
to the Samsung smart hub
terms and policy Yahoo privacy
policy. And when you turn
it off, then the ads
go away. That is Oh,
offensive. That is a mistake.
And this mistake on Samsung's
part. And I, wow. I
bet it was an accident.
No, somebody, when you see
an accident like this, you're
like, no, somebody wrote that.
You know, I wrote that,
but they didn't mean to
put it out in the
wild, Not cool. I don't
like that kind of stuff.
That's and this is the
other thing. I don't want
a smart TV. I want
a big monitor. You know
what I mean? Yeah. I've
got an Amazon Firestick and
I've got an Xbox one
pretty much handled. I've got
more crap that can play
Netflix. Then I have screens
to play Netflix on. Yes.
Yeah. From my Roku three,
I do not need my
TV plugged into the internet.
Yeah, absolutely. I don't need
all of these things to
play Netflix and I sure
as heck don't want to
replay a smart hub. No,
I don't want a smart
TV. I want a dumb
TV. Yeah, Because the TV's
never going to be a
hub. It's not a hub.
It's an end point. Exactly.
If it is an end
point, I want to throw
stuff to it, which is
another nightmare. So check this
out. I, I had some
friends over and they said,
Oh, we just got back
from a, which you get
back. I got back from
Tanzania and she wants to
show her pictures of Tanzania.
So let's solve this problem
for me. Richard Campbell. This should
be trivial. Friend comes in,
has an iPhone. I'll I
will tell you ahead of
time. I didn't know this
at the time, but an
iPhone four. Oh, she's in
your home. You need to
get what's on her iPhone
onto your screen. How do
you solve that problem? See,
I'm not an iPhone place.
Think about it in a
more generic sense. Right. So
do you put her on
your network or do you
have a guest network? So
there's problem number one, right?
Right. Do you try to
use Bluetooth or some non
wifi technology? The sort of
Miracast technology, whether it be
attached directly to the screen
and just start showing stuff.
Right. So ideally yeah, exactly.
Mirror cast and an ad
hoc network. I didn't have
that. So I also didn't
have a guest network cause
I don't have guests at
all, but I put her
on my network. So questionable
decision who knows she's on
my network. So now she's
on my network. I don't
have an Apple TV though.
She could have used airplay.
But apparently though this is
an iPhone four, which doesn't
support airplane mirroring. So even
if I did have that,
I couldn't do that. I
have a raspberry PI that
supports airplay, but again, iPhone
four, I have a Chromecast,
but the Chrome cast app
doesn't support doing this. Right.
So, so, you know, you're
sitting there like, and then
also remember that these are,
these are nontechnical guests, right?
So what's, what's the half
life on a nontechnical guest,
putting up with the techie
to get the pictures on
the, on the screen, you
know, one drink. Yeah. It's
basically wandering. So about four
minutes into it. And my
wife starts giving me the
side eye and she's like,
you're not as technical as
you think you are Hanselman.
Isn't that the word? You
know what I mean? And
it's like, how, how organized
do you think, how technical
do you think I am
like, well, no, I'm very
technical. You know? Like people
know me for yeah. For
being, being technical. I just
don't know exactly what I'm
doing right now. But like,
you know, you're trying to
explain this to, I was
like, well, no one could
do this. No one is
technical enough to have done
this themselves. So you've already
done it. I mean, I've,
I've actually described myself as
I'm a race car mechanic.
I don't have an oil
filter for your old Chevy.
Sorry. Yeah. So what I
ended up doing was I
downloaded an application called photo
cast. Okay. On the fly.
And of course I'm having
to ask my guests to
type and install an app
on their phone. Just give
me your password for your
iTunes. So getting full, got
photo cast and threw it
up there. But this was
just a perfect example of
between Bluetooth and NFC and
wifi and guest networks. This
is like an ecosystem problem.
I just want to take
that and throw it up
there. The problem is everybody
thinks they have that salt.
Microsoft's got Miracast, can't get
Miracast to work reliably with
my fire, my fire TV.
Amazon's got mirror cast, but
it's Amazon flavored. Miracast of
course iPhone's got airplay. It's
a miracle. I got this
thing to work. And it
was a third party app
that pulled it off and
pushed it into my, and
then, you know what I
ended up doing when it,
when it got, when it
finally became unreliable, I just
copied the files upon Plex.
This is the thing, you
know what I mean? Yeah.
In the end, the phone's
just a big USB key
and you dumped it. Someone
said that they were excited
that we were doing the
show, but they, they thought
they said, can you do
it again? I didn't know.
Are you live? Or are
you recorded? So I said,
well, we, we are we're
it's recorded in that. We
are recording right now, but
we are still alive. And
then they were like, Oh,
I figured it was recorded
because otherwise this live stream
looks too nice Where the
technology is working. So well.
Yes, It's working so well
that, that I'm on vacation
somewhere in Cabo. And this
is, this is recorded. Nope.
This is live. Of course
it's not live. If you
know, it's not live. The
thing is with these, these
kinds of things, you can
actually go and back up
in time, right. Without YouTube
live. And you can look
at this beforehand. It's good
stuff. I think that the
live thing works very well.
I'm going to say you're
you're, you're, you're very crisp
right now. You're very HD.
Yeah. The camera's great. The
pair of Hunter megabit, hell
connections. Help. So Yeah. And
then of course we're recording
with really nice. I've got
a, my zoom H four.
And what do you have
for your mic over there?
This is an 80, 20,
20, and partially should do
a traveler three, but it's
all pro audio gear. It's
no reason to own this.
And you know, unless you
make several hundred podcasts a
year, But you know, the
zoom that I bought my
age four or my, my
H six rather than, yeah,
That is a fantastic device.
Really. I need to do
a podcast about this. This
is just about the best
little machine I've ever I've
ever had. Oh, well my
chair Campbell, sir. You know
what? I just remembered. Check
this out, hang on a
second. Entertain the people while
I step away for a
moment. Imagine you're a host
of someone else's show, Sorry.
I'm back. Look at this.
My friend, this is called
an I rig. What, what
is that? Is that a
preamp look at that. It's
a preamp that does XLR
to your iPhone and to
your iPhone. It's powered by
a nine volt battery. And
so it will be Phantom.
It does Phantom power for
up to eight hours. I
sound like Casey Kasem rest
his soul. Casey. Casey, is
he big in Canada? Well,
he's kind of dead, but
yeah, the voice of shaggy
and Robin. No, it's not
that he was the voice
of shaggy. Casey Casen was
the, a top 40 Casey's
top 40. Yeah, he's a
radio guy, but he was
also livable shaggy To number
nine. I'm counting down the
hits. This. I just felt
like I was sounding like
the Iris is a portable
preamp for your iPhone. It's
I got this. Where do
I get it? I guess
this is a callback radio
shack. Oh, I would never
pay 12 bucks. I would
never pay $50 for this
thing, but if you can
find an Irish, if you
can find an eye rig
for 20 bucks or so,
lets you plug in any
microphone, any XLR mic into
your iPhone and you could
do kind of on the
fly one shot one channel
recording just for what you
doing. Six is not that
small, but it's four preempt
channels. Valid point. My point
being that if I've got
my, my microphone in my
bag, I can throw this
in there. The IRS, or
I can have my zoom
either way I'm prepared. It
just depends on how much
time you have to get
your show ready. Sure. And
I really recommend this kind
of stuff. It's very inexpensive.
Whether it be the zoom
for $300 or the I
rig for less than 40,
it makes the difference to
do a, a YouTube channel
or a podcast with just
a little bit better. Yeah.
Nicer mic set. Right? Although
let's face it. We're both
amateurs. It's Lawrence in the
back office is that makes
us sound great. Yeah, It
absolutely is Lawrence Lawrence, Ryan, our
editor who is going to
make basically all of the
dumb things we said go
away. And this 30 minute
show will become five minute.
There you go. So be
much left, Always a joy
to talk to you. Richard Campbell.
Thank you so much. And
for those who don't know,
I mean, this is the
conversation we were having while
you were in the car
before We record, well, this
is a thing. So what
will happen is I'll be
driving around, picking my kids
up or whatever, and I'll
go, you know, I miss
my friend, Richard Campbell, and then
I will call you and
on the phone, this is
true story. I will call
you and I'll go, what
country are you in? Richard?
They could be anywhere, could
be anywhere. And he'd be
like Istanbul. And I say,
all right, I'll call you
later. And that's, you know,
the end of conversation. Or
it's like, Oh, I'm in
Canada. Home of Canadians where
I live. And they'll say,
Richard, let's do a show
because I so enjoy talking
to you. We used to
do, we used to have
these conversations and not record
them, which is the tragedy
and the conversations go exactly
like this, except for the
part and the advertisements. Yes.
Thank you so much for
doing this stream and the
video stream. Yes. I very
much appreciate you. This is
Hansel minutia 15 and also
Hansel minutes. So thanks again.
And now I'm going to
do my radio voice ready
for this. Ready? This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week. .